When you type www.amazon.com in your web browser, what happens?
What are different types of DNS queries? -> iterative, recursive and reversive query. Also explain them
When a name resolution request is sent, how the dns resolution process happens? Also assume that your dns servers   don't have any forwarders defined.
What are the difference between TCP and UDP?
How TCP connection establishment happens?
What is windowing in TCP?
What is filesystem journalling?
What is the difference between Switch and Routers?
What is the use of cookies?
I need to subnet a class C network to 2 equal subnets? what is the subnet mask to be used for that? - Subnet mask to be used is /25 (255.255.255.128)
How router works?
Where do we use UDP? -> Live video streaming, VOIP calls etc
How load balancing through DNS happens?
What are the resource record types available in DNS?
What is a socket? what are the socket states? how will you see the socket status in Linux?
What is a zombie process? How can we kill a zombie process?
Assume that your customer has got a webserver and the end users are complaining that the server performance is very low, what all are the things you will check?
Explain about 3 tier web application
Difference between  UDP & TCP
What all network analysis tools you have worked on?
How does trace route work?
Does trace route use UDP/TCP?
For subnet mask 255.255.255.240, how many usable IP addresses you have?
Have you ever used Amazon Cloud Solutions?
How do you list all the running processes in Linux? ps -ef , any other command to list process ?
Linux boot process Summary ?
What is the main role of initial ram disk (INITRD) during boot process?
What is the difference between Soft link and Hardlink ?
Can you explain Kill command ? -->
Can you explain about Process SIGNALS ? -->
Linux server how to add new user ?
Manually how to create an user ?
What is SE Linux -->
How does SE Linux works ?
Do you know anything about file context and label ?
How to set the priority of Linux process ?
Not able to start httpd service , it got failed without any error , how to troubleshoot?
Can you explain Linux Hardening process ? How do you harden Linux ? -->
What is LVM ---> Explaing about LVM and FS Extension
What is LVM Metadata —>
What is Sticky bit --> https://www.thegeekdiary.com/what-is-suid-sgid-and-sticky-bit/
How to set sticky bit -->
Do you write any scripting ?
Explain about Shell scripting return codes ?
How do you define functions in Shell Scripting ?
Any shell script wrote for Production environment ?
Not able to ssh to their server from corporate network ? How do you troubleshoot ?
Customer reported that their Website is SLOW ? how do you troubleshoot?
What are the difference between TCP and UDP -->
Can you explain TCP Handshake ?
Which DB technologies are you familiar with ?
