What would you do if you found out that your closest friend at work doing something potentially unethical?
What is the quality you value least about yourself?
What do you do to gain the trust of your teammates?
Tell me about a time you had to speak up in a difficult environment
Tell me about the most complex problem you’ve ever worked on.
Tell me about a time when understanding the details of a situation helped you arrive to a solution.
Tell me about a time you utilized in depth data to come across a solution.
When is the last time you took a calculated risk?
What have you don’t in the past when you needed information from someone to make a decision, but they weren’t being responsive?
When is the last time you took the initiative to correct a problem instead of waiting for someone else to address it?
Tell me about a time when you had to make a decision with little data or information.
Tell me about a time when you made a decision too quickly and what you would have done differently.
Tell me about a time when you had to make a difficult short term decision to make long term gains.
Tell me about a time when you took on a task that went beyond your normal responsibilities.
Tell me about a time when you took it upon yourself to work on a challenging initiative.
Tell me about a time when you disagreed with a team member’s approach and had to convince a group to go in a different direction?
Have you ever argued against doing something a direct manager was telling you to do? How did the situation play out?
Have you ever refused to accept the status quo, even when others were resistant to change?
Have you ever made a really unpopular decision? What did people think?
What do you believe that no one else does?
Have you ever been more than halfway through a project, but forced to switch gears or change the approach ? did you succeed?
Have you ever had to juggle multiple difficult assignments simultaneously? How did you prioritize and deliver results?
What is the hardest situation you have ever faced in your professional life? How did you handle it?
Tell me about a time you had too much on your plate to deal with and how you handled getting everything done.
Tell me about a time when everyone else on your team gave up on something but you pushed the team towards delivering a result.
Have you ever been on a team where a team member wasn’t doing what you expected of him or her?
Have you ever been unable to meet your own expectations? Why?
Tell me about a time when you raised the bar.
Tell me about a time when you motivated a team to go above and beyond.
Tell me about a time when you were dissatisfied with the quality of something at work and went out of your way to improve it.
Tell me about a time when your superior command of the underlying facts or dynamics of a situation helped you make a good decision.
Tell me about a time when your ability to ask probing questions is what helped a group or individual reach a solution?
Tell me about an experience you went through that changed your way of thinking.
Tell me about a time when your curiosity helped you make a smarter decision.
Tell me about the most important lesson you learned in the past year.
Tell me about a time when you failed to simplify a process and what you would have done differently.
Tell me about a time when you innovated on something and it went wrong.
Tell me about a time when you changed a process at work through either an innovative new way or simplification.
Have you ever invented a service, product, or process that could truly be described as unique?
Given me an example of a time that you were faced with a complex problem, but the solution you designed could be described as simple.
Tell me about a time when you had to rely primarily on your judgment to solve a problem because there was limited data available.
Tell me about a time when you had to make a decision with a partial data set?
When was the last time you made an incorrect decision?
Tell me about a time when you incorporated a diverse set of perspectives into solving a problem.
Tell me about a time when you had your beliefs challenged and how you responded.
